And here at this site,
my Great-uncle Gumbald cut
down all these taffy trees in
a single night.
'Cause those trees were evil!
Right, Princess Bubblegum?
Nah.
Hey, but I bet you
have a ton of stories
about your human relatives.
Um, not really.
I've never even met
any other humans.
If I think about it too much,
I get all soul-searchy
and weird.
Oh, my.
I've made things awkward.
Well, let's forget about that.
I brought you guys here because
I need you to rip out
all these stumps.
Okay. I guess so.
Yeah, man!
It'll be fun!
Toss the Jake-sploder!
Ye-e-ah!
Whoa!
Spa-mow!
I'm glad to see you
out of that funk
about being the only human.
I mean, well, I'm gonna scram.
No hard feelings, right?
- Again, man!
- Huck!
Ow!
Whoa.
I don't think this is a stump.
Huh?
It's a hatch.
A hatch?
Hup!
We should check
it out, ya think?
Who-o-a!
Heh, heh.
It's dark, huh?
Whoa!
What a dump.
Can you imagine the jerks
that must have lived here?
Huh?
Aah! Aah!
Ohh!
Eh! Wee meeb youp nuh hur!
Oh!
Shahow!
O my gra cup sa!
These people are so terrified...
scared of their own shadows.
We could rule them like gods.
Angry gods.
Don't be scared.
Come on.
Yeah, it's okay.
Your... your face.
You're... just like me!
Aah!
Hey, wait.
Shh.
They're startled.
You got to be gentle
with wild animals.
I don't think they're
animals, Jake.
I think this could
be a tribe of...
humans!
What are these guys doing down
here in this crummy hole?
I don't know, man.
Maybe they just don't
know any other thing.
Hey, fellows!
Don't you want to
get out of here?
I could take you to see the sun!
Su-u-n.
Suhhn...
Ow la koo sow suuhhn.
You poor things.
Living down here has made
you all weird, hasn't it?
Jake, I've got to
save these guys.
They're my people, and it's my
duty to lead them out of this
gross cave, starting with you,
Miss, uh...?
Suuhh-suhhn.
Susan?
Pleased to meet you.
Well, let's bring her up.
Come on.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Aw, man.
You're gonna love
it up here, Susan.
There's all sorts
of wonders topside.
Uh! Ugh!
Susan, it's just grass.
Ooh! My back!
Grass can't hurt you.
See?
Grass.
Huh, huh, oh.
Eh, you killed her.
Wha? I did?
Yep. Felled by
surface-world germs.
Heh, just kidding.
Ha! Two be cah reh sa buh
a thuh ahp fuh ger... ss.
Aw, Susan.
You got grass blood
all over your face.
Yeep! Itsa pha tuh mup!
Susan, a hanky won't hurt you.
Ohh.
How am I gonna show her
all the wonders of Ooo
if every little thing
freaks her out?
"Pay-shonce."
Very well.
Then I shall introduce
Susan to Ooo by degrees.
Manee mah nuhp lehp!
That can't hurt you.
That's a dancing bug.
Oh.
Yeah!
That's just a rock,
a low-level enemy.
Huh.
Jus a rah.
Rrrgh!
What's wrong?!
Hey, hey, it's okay.
See?
♪ Hm, hah ♪
♪ Prty glb pattah ♪
♪ Susan Strong ♪
♪ This is where you belong ♪
♪ Hanging with me ♪
♪ On a fallen tree ♪
♪ Don't you think
you deserve this? ♪
♪ To live up here
on the surface? ♪
♪ I think you do, and I think
all your friends do, too ♪
♪ How long have you lived
in the darkness? ♪
♪ I just want to
show you the light ♪
♪ Because you're a human
just like me, Susan ♪
♪ And I want you in my life ♪
♪ Susan Strong ♪
♪ You turn my heart on ♪
Hey, Jake.
How's your marshmallow, man?
Golden as a wheaty sunset.
How's yours?
Hmm.
Perfect.
How's yours, Susan?
Heh. That's adorable.
Hwup!
Mmm!
Ohh!
The ees gooo.
Grrr! Arghh!
Dang.
She is way in to candy.
Hey, yeah.
Susan, we should take you
to the Candy Kingdom.
Everything is candy there.
You know, she may be too
excited about candy.
Eh.
Candy-y-y Kingdo-o-m!
I've enjoyed your visit
immensely, Susan Strong.
Finn?
Yeah, Suze?
Finn, where's all the
candy you werp ta ah bup?
Oh, well,
it's everywhere...
The buildings,
the lamp posts, even the people.
We're all candy here.
Candy! Candy!
Susan!
Su-san! No!
You can't eat the
ones that talk.
They're special.
They got aspirations.
Oh. Oh.
It's okay.
You're learning.
Here.
Have some sidewalk
brittle instead.
Mmm!
Now I gonna get friends.
We eat all of candy kingdom.
What?!
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
We won't eat red-stripe
man, only everyone else.
Bye!
Susan, no!
Huh! No!!
You can't eat the candy people!
Oh, boy.
So, now what?
Fight the humans to the
death when they attack?
No, man.
They're my peeps.
We have to save
the Candy Kingdom
without hurting them.
They're gonna what?
Don't worry. We have a plan.
We just have to scare
the humans away.
Very well.
I shall gather my citizens
in the courtyard,
and you shall see how terrifying
the candy people can be.
Ah-bloo-bloo-bloo!
They're doomed.
Ughhh!
Oh!
Just grass!
Just graaa.
Aw, these candy weapons
are too cute to be scary.
Good news, Finn.
I've managed to make
my people horrifying.
But how?
I disguised them as
gruesome creatures,
like witches and ghouls.
Starchie's a beelzebub.
Aww, so cute.
I just want to give them candy.
Quick!
Show me your scary face!
Oh, uh... rrr.
I don't think that'll
scare anybody.
No! Duh!
She's, um... she... hey.
Princess, I need a little wagon
and your biggest
roll of wax paper.
Now, Princess Bubblegum!
Now, Jake!
Boooooooo!
It's working.
Wait! Just shadows!
Aw, man!
They've learned how to learn.
Hide yourselves, candy people.
I'll try to make
Susan see reason.
Fwoo-fwoo-fwoof!
The marshmallow kids
never run from a scrap.
Come on, fellas.
Today we are man-mallows!
Fwoo!
Huh?
Please, fellow humans.
The candy people are
no threat to you.
Charge!
Wait! Stop!
Stop!
Ohh!
My people!
Huh?
Wha?
They're... they're not humans?
Susan?
Susan, what are you?
Is everyone okay?
Marshmallow kids?
We'll just be gooey for a while.
Hey, buddy.
We did it.
Finn, you okay?
Jake, do you think she
was human or just
another wild animal?
We're all wild animals, brother.
Yeah, I guess we are,
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org